[core] Remove `withTheme` from `@material-ui/core` (#26051)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/styles/basics/basics.md

{{"demo": "pages/styles/basics/StressTest.js"}}

## Using the theme context

> Starting from v5, Material-UI is not using JSS for as a styling solution. If you still want to use the utilities exported by `@material-ui/styles`, you will need to provide the `theme` as part of the context. For this you may use the `ThemeProvider` available in `@material-ui/styles`, or if you are already using `@material-ui/core`, you can use the one exported in `@material-ui/core/styles`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v5, Material-UI is no longer using JSS as its default styling solution. If you still want to use the utilities exported by `@material-ui/styles`, you will need to provide the `theme` as part of the context. For this, you may use the `ThemeProvider` component available in `@material-ui/styles`, or if you are already using `@material-ui/core`, you can use the one exported in `@material-ui/core/styles`.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```jsx
````

import { makeStyles } from '@material-ui/styles';

> import { createMuiTheme, ThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/core/styles';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { createTheme, ThemeProvider } from '@material-ui/core/styles';
```
